New blog posts (#292)
codeigniter4projects/website: content/blog/2022-06-02.shield.md

solution. I'm proud to announce that today is that day. CodeIgniter now has an official auth library: [Shield](https://github.com/codeigniter4/shield).

Among the many features that Shield ships with are:

- Session-based authentication (traditional email/password with remember me)
- Stateless authentication using Personal Access Tokens
- Optional Email verification on account registration
- Optional Email-based Two Factor Authentication after login
- Magic Login Links when a user forgets their password
- Flexible groups-based access control (think roles, but more flexible)
- Users can be granted additional permissions
- User Entity and UserModel ready for you to use or extend
- A simple helper that provides access to the most common auth actions
- Easily extendable controllers
- All required views that can be used as is or swapped out for your own
- Highly configurable
- Built to extend and modify
- Save initial settings in your code so it can be in version control, but can also be updated in the database, thanks to our [Settings library](https://github.com/codeigniter4/settings)

> While this is an initial release, it already provides a fairly thorough set of features, that should handle the needs of 80% of the projects your work on. We hope you find it helpful, and we're looking forward to see it continue to help you build secure applications in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this is a beta release, it already provides a fairly thorough set of features, that should handle the needs of 80% of the projects your work on. We hope you find it helpful, and we're looking forward to see it continue to help you build secure applications in the future.
```

Author: > I would like to see blog posts submitted by themselves without other content/style changes. Also we should think about moving these to a separate repo; this would have a few advantages:

> Content updates wouldn't require new releases or pushes to master
> We can identify a team of editors with access separate from the technical website team

That's fair, we'd have to figure out the deploy process for that but should be relatively simple. I personally don't have an issue with content requiring a push to master, since the content is part of the site, but I'm fine either way. One of these days when we have more time (ha!) it would definitely be worth looking into. 

> Finally, if we want to pull in forum posts regularly we should consider an API to handle that.

Yeah, possibly. Might be tricky determining which posts to include, but I'm sure we could come up with some solution.

Reviewer: The API forums integration sounds like a fun project; I would be willing to take that on, time permitting, once we have a content repo. I'm thinking of a scraper for the announcements thread that opens a new PR with the Markdown-ified post content - that way we can just close and ignore ones we don't want and review, fix styling, change wording, etc, for ones we want to keep.
